welcome to your mom's house
there's a fire oh there's some na means
and I'm saying that we should get to
these are the the Jim Jones ones these
are really good I think let me pull
these up they see is it the Jim Jones
talks here we go let's see if these are
the ones this is it right right here so
tell me what you think it is because
that you have like these really strict
rules about right what counts as a no
amine or no I'm saying or there's
nothing that could before he goes from
clashing the others dead I told you the
game is about my cheese no who's the
macho bravado
you know me the cameras the goods that
you already said you understand you
smell me you know that's pretty is that
what he said yeah he said you understand
to start and then you smell me these are
all different categories you did
diamonds is about who's the biggest I
stand you understand once you get that
boiling pot you dealing with niggas from
the ghetto
you dig things that never had nothing
temperamental and the worst ones is the
niggas from the ghetto that was pussy
when they came up and when they got a
little bit of money they all of a sudden
turned hard rock but its dad
you understand first of all I do feel
what he's saying in every look at the
chain he's got a different chain than
the one you have yeah I have that
old-school Dukie rope but yeah he's got
totally something else there are you
gonna be getting earrings too it ain't
no way to prevent it that she can go on
Nicky smelling is like niggas that come
up in the hood and you're getting punked
early life and they turned it to a cop
and they start punking niggas and you
like oh you must have been a faggot when
you came up whoa we don't call them not
anymore it's fuck boy call the fuck boy
please we've had you with a cocksucker
datura to accomplish on occasion saddle
nuts
yeah he's definitely calling out Ricky
Rozay right there right and that's what
niggas being a gang like these niggas
been faggots coming up any of the game
and all set
smell me yeah it's damn
outside talk that hood shit but they'll
be there yeah I've been to a lot of
places in America and I'm talking about
the hoods it's wrong
niggas know me dig I like that he
actually make mixes everything together
I like it too I think this is a whole
new level of you know I'm saying the guy
really play it's playful the way he
interlaces you smell me you dig you
understand yeah this is a this guy is
varsity level it is he can dip his toe
in each of the different pool that's
right this guy's taken the game to a
whole other level
mm-hmm we have to open up a whole new
category now this is varsity
when you see him these niggas got armed
security we're fuckin badges smell me
one in front of them one in the area
don't like they fucking them smell me
smell me but they're kicking that beef
shit smell me
wow I was amazed really although what a
neat neat video thank you yeah I mean
then he's gotta know this might be his
different smell amis here these are
really good this is a yeah this is
really a like you would say a really
neat you know oh that's the wrong clip
so because he's so advanced you would
consider this what its own its own thing
yeah he's elevated the game this is a
whole new category no smell me smell me
smell me smell me smell me smell me
smell me that's like an amazing I love
it a smell me supercut
we've never even had that before that's
really impressive hauling a game yeah I
do like that a lot what's this
gentleman's name Jim John don't smell me
smell me smell me smell me smell me
smell me smell me snowy suomi suomi
suomi suomi smell me smell me smell me I
do I do that is so dumb yeah